okay we're fighting I'll playing call of
duty black ops and we killed this guy
and now we're in theater mode and yeah
well like you could kind of see right
there how this he's he's dead but
somehow he was in the wall still
watching and see if it worked again
thighs pumps the wall a bunch of times
and lock da fuck boy just like flips out
every time do it like slower wait wait
all right is eigen this getting dragged
down tonight yeah here we go up oh oh no
no this business videos like flipping
out huh yep and he's in the ground up
wit uh uh yes hey what is that what what
body part is that I don't like that's
all right so that's his head that's an
arm the S&R oh yeah I'm gonna guess that
wait that's another army guess this is a
torso and pink pants and so he's
standing up here he's also stepping on
the ground he's also added the map she's
he's up here great stuff stuff stuff
look at this leg just like with this
head alright but yes hey boss look is
that's propane that's epic oh my god how
does this happen look at it that's a
person that's a person in call duty
black ops this is what sixty dollars
gets you hello